Git core.scm:local_url conf (#3801)
conan-io/docs: examples/tools/scm/git/capture_scm/git_capture_scm.rst

    test_package/CMakeUserPresets.json

The capture of coordinates uses the ``Git.get_url_and_commit()`` method, that by default does:

- If the repository is dirty, it will raise an exception
- If the repository is not dirty, but the commit doesn't exist in the remote, it will warn, but it will return the local folder as repo ``url``.

>   This way, local commits can be tested without needing to push it to the server. The ``core.scm:local_url=allow`` can silence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This way, local commits can be tested without needing to push them to the server. The ``core.scm:local_url=allow`` can silence
```

  the warning and the ``core.scm:local_url=block`` will immediately raise an error: This last value can be useful for CI

>   scenarios, to fail fast and save a build that will be blocked later in the ``conan upload``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  scenarios, to fail fast and save a build that would have beeen blocked later in the ``conan upload``.
```

- Packages built with local commit will fail if trying to upload them to the server with ``conan upload`` as those local commits

>   are not in the server and then the package might not be reproducible. This upload error can be avoided setting ``core.scm:local_url=allow``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are not in the server and then the package might not be reproducible. This upload error can be avoided by setting ``core.scm:local_url=allow``.
```

> - If the repository is not dirty, and the commit exist in the server, it will return the remote URL and the commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the repository is not dirty, and the commit exists in the server, it will return the remote URL and the commit.
```
